What have they done?
Who the hell did this anyway?
It was Hachiya.
A genin. I know him
from the Academy.
A genin? That guy?
It's true. He can't stand the
fact that our village has turned
into a tourist destination.
We have to go save Denki right
away!
Not yet. We should tell Lord
Chojuro first.
No, we can't.
If this thing gets out of
hand, our field trip will be
totally canceled.
Hey you're a
pretty strong guy.
Don't you think we can do this
without relying on the adults?
Well that's...
We'll make sure this doesn't
turn into a big deal.
So please help
us out, will ya?
Hmm.
Alright then.
[excited inhale]
But a lot of time has passed
already.
We've gotta hurry!
It should be right around
here.
Denki!
Are you okay?
Boruto!
Hey! You all better let him
go right now!
I'm afraid that's all gonna
depend on you guys.
If you get on your knees and
bow your heads, then I just
might consider it.
Please, don't be so damn
ridiculous!
Yeah! Don't get carried
away, you dumb jerk!
Hachiya, are you outta your
mind?
What's the point of picking a
fight?
You shut up! This is none of
your business!
You're just a lapdog sucking
up to the Hidden Leaf!
[chuckling]
This is war between the
Hidden Leaf Village and us!
War in this day and age?
You're so dumb, it's one
cliche after another.
This is really
becoming a drag.
Remember, you said you
wouldn't cause any trouble.
But they sure seem determined
to fight us.
[laughing] Don't mess with the
Blood Mist Shinobi! You're gonna
learn to fear our might!
[gasps] What's that sign?
Crimson Mist Barrier Jutsu!
The mist!
Hmm?
Now you can't see anything
from the outside.
In here, there's no one who
can help you.
(Hachiya) We're going
to beat the living hell out of
every single one of you!
So then no one will notice, no
matter how much noise we make?
That's perfect.
Yeah, because if we get
found out, our field trip will
definitely be over.
Wait, you guys. Calm down!
That's what you should say to
them.
We've got a lot more guys with
us now. It won't be like it was
earlier today.
Make them pay! Go after them
now!
[charging]
[grunting]
[groans]
Super Beast Scroll!
Woah!
[grunts]
[grunting]
Fall back and regroup
immediately!
[grunts] Huh?
What the hell?
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[grunting]
It's too bad when you're stupid
enough to fall into your own
trap!
Die!
[grunting]
(Hachiya) Is that sword
you're carrying just for show?
What a shame that a coward
like you would become one of
the Seven Ninja Swordsmen.
It's a disgrace, really.
Kagura!
Get back!
Uh!
What's the matter? Why don't
you go ahead and kill him as
well?
You know, just like you did at
the Academy.
[angry breathing] Shut up!
Kagura.
[angry breathing]
Let me tell you a little
secret!
This guy completely changes
when he draws that sword of
his.
When he was at the Academy,
he dropped a bunch of his
classmates into a sea of blood.
Quit saying such stupid
things!
I'm just telling the truth!
As a matter of fact.
(Hachiya) This guy's
the grandson of the Fourth
Mizukage, Yagura!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Seriously? [grunting]
But look at how
pitiful he is now.
He won't touch his sword because
he's afraid of cutting someone.
How sad is that?
(Hachiya) If you're
Yagura's grandson, then you
better start acting like it!
I'm nothing like Yagura.
Yeah, that's for sure. You're
actually nothing like him at
all.
You're just a stupid idiot!
Hmph!
(Hachiya) Heh!
[grunts]
Kagura!
[grunting]
[laughing] I got him now!
Uh!
[gasps]
Hmph!
[laughing] Whatcha got there? A
wooden sword?
[panting]
[choking]
[laughing]
[choking] Ka...gura...
[fighting efforts]
[groans]
[snickers]
[panting]
[grunting]
[grunts]
Kagura!
Uh!
[exhales]
Hmph!
[grunting]
What?!
Huh? [embarrassed breathing]
Uh, hmm?
[grunts] Ahh!
Hmph.
(Iwabe) That ought to shut you
up.
Hmm.
The mist.
Denki! Are you okay?
Mm‐hm!
I was waiting for the right
moment to jump in.
Heh. steppin' up!
We were really outnumbered
though.
So are you guys really genin?
[whimpering]
Hachiya!
Damn! [grunts]
You'll be sorry someday!
Let's get outta here!
Get lost you guys! And don't
come back here!
(Security) Who's down there?
[grunts]
Security's here!
That's not good! Let's get
outta here!
[exhales] I'm so beat!
Well, it looks like our sensei
haven't heard anything about it.
Hah! We accomplished
our mission then!
You guys are something.
Hey, is it really true you're
Yagura's grandson?
Hmm.
Yes, it's true.
Hmph.
Is it also true you hurt
your classmates?
Mm‐hm.
(Kagura) When I snapped out of
it, everyone was on the ground
around me.
It was at that moment I realized
I really am the grandchild of
Yagura.
Even now, I struggle for control
when I hold a sword.
I don't know.
I guess I'm afraid of wielding
a sword.
That explains why you
looked so relieved...
when you were done sparring
with Boruto the other day.
Uh.
[uncomfortable laugh] Was it
really that obvious?
It's just a personal issue of
mine. Forget it.
Should we go back?
After that blow, I doubt if
Hachiya will try anything else.
(Shino) Regarding the peace
treaty for all nations.
The Lands of Fire, Water, Waves,
and Sea, are considering
signing it.
Hmm.
Please milady, could
we abstain a bit?
Oh, I'll be fine. I just need to
control my internal chakra.
See that?
It's a talent we
kunoichi have.
All right, back to the
subject.
What we should be concentrating
on now is analyzing the current
state of affairs.
The Land of Water is clearly not
interested in signing a peace
treaty. Do we agree?
Yes, you're right, that's our
conclusion too.
Hmm.
So the Feudal Lords of our
nation believe that the
instability along the Middle...
Sea, will provide more
opportunities for power and
expansion.
[chewing]
If only they could focus their
lust on some other things
here at home.
I completely agree.
[chomps]
Let's finish this discussion.
It's so discouraging.
I'm sure you'd rather be out
enjoying the Hidden Mist's
nightlife! Right?
Would it be correct to say that
the Hidden Mist Village...
does not agree with the Land of
Water then?
[sighs] Exactly.
The Land of Water can say
whatever it likes...
but those of us in the Village
only want stability.
However, if the Lands of
Waves and Sea continue seeking
expansion...
then the Land of Water will
be in a risky position.
If the two nations clash, then
our village will be forced to
take some action as well.
I understand that.
And the Hidden Mist Village
cannot go back to being called
the Blood Mist.
Don't worry. Both
Lord Sixth and I will.
[sighs] Will do all we can to
support the peace treaty.
(Shikadai) That could have
been a drag.
I think we're going
to be okay now.
But it's probably a good
idea if you don't go out
alone anymore.
I understand.
Hmm.
Well, I'll see you guys later.
Hey, wait a minute!
Huh?
Why don't you come and
have some fun with us?
I'm sorry, but I don't really
feel like it.
Just for sec, come on! Besides,
our Sensei aren't here!
(Kagura) Hold on! I'm good!
(Boruto) Don't worry, it's ok!
(Kagura) Wait a second!
Ah, so that's it?
Well here, then!
What the?
Okay, then how about this?
[sneaky chuckle] Shinobi Bout!
No way! Already?
H‐Hey wait a second!
Uh, couldn't you
have used that card?
Yeah but, we're
already done here.
[sighs]
[laughs] Looks like I've won
again!
I'm going to win next time!
[gasps]
Whoa! That's the spirit, Kagura.
Huh? You still wanna play?
What, you gonna win and
leave?
I didn't know you
were like this.
[gasps]
[sighs]
Ignore Inojin.
[chuckles]
I honestly didn't think that you
would get this hooked on Shinobi
Bout, Kagura.
I'm kinda surprised myself.
I've hardly ever played any
games in the past.
I had no idea that
they could be this fun.
Oh yeah.
And that sad expression you
had on your face earlier has
completely vanished.
Huh?
You guys are...
[exhales]
Thanks so much.
Well Kagura, you don't seem to
have a lot of friends so.
But isn't that Hachiya
guy a friend of yours?
Huh? What makes you think
that he's his friend?
Because, they were classmates
at the Academy.
It's true, Hachiya used to be
my classmate.
He obsessed about the "Blood
Mist's past," and began hanging
out with a bad crowd.
And before we knew
it, we had grown apart.
It's not like I had all that
many friends before but it still
hurt.
All because it bothered you
that you were the grandson of
Yagura.
And so you put up a wall, right?
Uhh.
You're right, that's true.
Ah okay, I'll start!
So Kagura, why'd you decide
to become a ninja?
I needed to survive.
If you didn't want to be poor
and struggle, that was the
only choice.
But the blood of
Yagura flows within me.
So people were
always pretty distant.
(Kagura) But one day, I met
someone.
I met someone who finally saw
me for the first time, as a
human being.
But then, during our first
combat training.
[grunting]
I give up... no, please!
[growling]
Ahhhhh!
[panting]
The blood of Yagura flows
within me.
That'll never change. It's
my fate.
Since then, I've fought
against that voice inside of
me.
(Kagura) So I can make sure it
never happens again.
Like in the past with Yagura?
The sins of the Blood Mist
Village will never fade.
Just like the blood that flows
in my veins.
(Kagura) Yagura's sin, is my
sin.
That has nothing to do with
you.
(Boruto) I am who I am.
And you are who you are. What
our dads and grandpas did
doesn't matter.
We do things our own way.
[sighs]
That's all that matters for
Boruto.
But it seems like you have a
Type A personality.
Like you're super driven, am I
right?
But to keep thinking about
something beyond your control.
Isn't that kind of a drag?
Thank goodness you came to my
rescue, Kagura!
I'm so grateful. I've got a
lot of respect for you.
Well, it didn't seem like you
were having any kind of struggle
with your sword earlier.
Why are you guys so kind?
We're friends. And
that's what friends do.
[gasps]
You cast off criticism about
being Yagura's grandkid and
you advanced.
That's why Lord Mizukage,
chose you as one of the Seven
Ninja Swordsmen.
(Boruto) Why not just be upfront
and accept it?
Hmm.
It's the same with games.
You never know if it's going to
end up being any fun until you
try it yourself!
[gasps]
Hmm.
I think you're right.
Shinobi Bout!
Huh?
Ah, already?
That was fast!
So, um, what just
happened here?
Having those three cards is
very rare.
Looks like I won.
Ah, damn it!
Thanks so much.
(Boruto) Huh?
That was really gutsy, the
way you blocked all those red
cards. Nicely done.
But I lost the game.
Hey, wanna play again?
Huh?
Boruto! Time for evening roll
call!
Eh, nobody even cares about
roll call! What do ya say we
play one more?
Don't make me say it again.
Uh. [nervous giggles]
I guess it's time
to call it quits.
[chuckles]
Yeah, alright I get it.
Uh, you should take these.
Huh? Are you sure?
Yeah.
(Sarada) Boruto!
Uh. Okay I'm coming!
Let's play again soon.
Ah, sure!
Hmm.
It's been quite a while... since
we've had some time together
like this, Kagura...
So, how are you?
Are things still going smoothly
with all the visitors from the
Hidden Leaf Village?
Yes.
I'm glad to hear it.
They're really nice. They call
me a "friend" and they treat
me as their equal.
I can't remember the last
time I had so much fun.
Hmm.
It brought back a lot of
memories of how I used to feel.
Lord Chojuro.
The candidacy test for the
Hiramekarei.
I'm ready to take it now.
I see.
So Kagura went to see the
Mizukage.
[nervous breathing]
[laughs]
That's wonderful.
It all starts right now.
[gasps]
(Shizuma) Hello Kagura, and
there's Boruto!
(Boruto) Wait, you were with the
guys at the harbor!
(Kagura) Mr. Shizuma!
(Shizuma) You now have the Great
Twin Swords. It's time to
declare war.
(Kagura) What are you talking
about?
(Shizuma) Fighting to kill is
the way of the Blood Mist
shinobi.
We will usher in a brand new
age and we'll need warriors just
like you.
(Boruto) Next time on "Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: A
Declaration of War!"
(Shizuma) Kagura, I'll always be
there, to protect you.